there it is the casino perfect that's
where I'll find the Penguins but two
little girls chimichanga he still hasn't
filled with baby birds I dropped down
grab the penguins and we're daddy oh oh
let me drop down I'll grab the pic and
get me animal control too fast
get me down to one I am so happy to see
you how could you let them get away all
my fist step on it boys giraffa twelve
o'clock guys we got a tail through
Europe without attracting attention wait
circuit is trans for circus animals only
I don't trust line here too big and
glossy in not lyin in Ione s ah it's
awkward remember we just lay low just
until the heat dies down we're
anticipa-- mark Murray that the debtor
that the circus tent that did it ended
up dot afro circus afro circus afro put
it up booga-booga that afro really
I don't know